Add hotel estimates (#60)
patch-technology/patch-node: README.md

### Run the specs

Before running the tests, make sure you set the test API key! Please use test API keys and not production ones, they usually start with `key_test_`.

> Additionally, make sure you navigate back to the `patch-node` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Be sure you navigate back to the root `patch-node` directory to run the tests.
```
